flyway migration tool documentation (#3773)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/integrations/flyway.md

# Migrating {{ ydb-short-name }} data schemas with the Flyway migration tool

## Introduction {#introduction}

> [Flyway](https://documentation.red-gate.com/fd/) is an open-source database migration tool. It strongly favors simplicity and convention over configuration. It has extensions for various database management systems (DBMS), including {{ ydb-short-name }}.

Reviewer: If you follow this link, the most prominent product is Flyway Desktop. Shouldn't it be covered as well?

Author: The Amazon CloudFront distribution is configured to block access from your country. We can't connect to the server for this app or website at this time. There might be too much traffic or a configuration error. Try again later, or contact the app or website owner.
If you provide content to customers through CloudFront, you can find steps to troubleshoot and help prevent this error by reviewing the CloudFront documentation.

Author: I can't download the desktop application, it seems to me it's an unused part.

```bash
ERROR: Validate failed: Migrations have failed validation
Detected resolved migration not applied to database: 6.
To fix this error, either run migrate, or set -ignoreMigrationPatterns='*:pending'.
```

Let's apply this by doing `flyaway .. migrate`. Validation is now successful, and the secondary index has been renamed.

Next, we will modify the file of the previously applied migration `V4__load_date.sql` by deleting comments from the SQL script.

After executing the validation command, we got a logical error because the `checksum` differed in the modified migration:

```bash
ERROR: Validate failed: Migrations have failed validation
Migration checksum mismatch for migration version 4
-> Applied to database : 591649768
-> Resolved locally    : 1923849782
```

### repair {#flyway-repair}

Command [repair](https://documentation.red-gate.com/flyway/flyway-cli-and-api/usage/command-line/command-line-repair) tries to eliminate the identified errors and discrepancies from the database schema history table.

> Fix the problem with different `checksums` by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the problem with different `checksum`'s by running the following command:
```

```bash
flyway -url=jdbc:ydb:grpc://localhost:2136/local -locations=db/migration repair
```

The result will be an update to the `checksum` column in the `flyway_schema_history` table for the migration entry `V4__load_data.sql`:

![_assets/flyway-repair-step-1.png](_assets/flyway-repair-step-1.png)

After restoring the log table, validation is successful.

Also, using the `repair` command, you can delete a failed DDL script.

### clean {#flyway-repair}

Command [clean](https://documentation.red-gate.com/flyway/flyway-cli-and-api/usage/command-line/command-line-clean) drops all objects in the configured schemas.

{% note warning %}

> {{ ydb-short-name }} does not have a concept like `schema`. The `clean` command drops all the tables in your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other database management systems, {{ ydb-short-name }} does not have a concept of `SCHEMA`. Thus, the `clean` command **drops all the tables** in a given database. 
```
